No Link, Project can be found in website/index.html 
<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML elements that are descriptive to individuals and browsers
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is use to build the structure of a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        In HTML an attribute provides extra information about elements.  They are placed in the start tag of elements.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The H1 element is the highest level heading, It is normally used to indicate the main title of a page, and should be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The IMG tag requires a SRC attribute and the A tag requires an attribute that tells the browser where it links to.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Mostly meta data, the title (shows up on the browser), link sto styles or scripts can be placed here as well. 
    7. What is an id? 
        In HTML it is a global attribute that is unique across the whole page. It can be used as a CSS selector for styling.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        All of them, it is a global attribute.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once
    10. What is a class? 
        In HTML it is an attribute that can be used as a CSS selector for styling.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All of them, it is a global attribute.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as needed to get the job done, if you have a million img tags that all need the same styling they could all have the same class.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Tou have to add the target attribute with the "_blank" value
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It provides text that screen readers can "see", it also shows up when images fail to load. Both add accessibility to people that have reduces sight, or low bandwidth /low internet speeds.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        In CSS you can select the id with a #.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Sections are semantic standalone sections with no other more specific semantic tag, normally with headings. 
        Divs are generic boxes and are used to build structure.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To add style to elements on a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        To select every element you just use the elements tag as your selector, for every h2, simply use h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Ids are unique, each element can have only one, and each id can only be used once per page. They can be used for intra-page navigation.
        Classes are reusable and elements can have as many as needed. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        In CSS you use .classname to select a class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        In css p.human would select this
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        These allow us to select things in relation to others. For example if you needed to style every img element that lived inside a td you could use this type of selector to get it done.
        td > img
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        These select relational styles to parts of an element. a:hover will only style the a while a mouse is hovering over it.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
       Use the universal selector, *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* This comment can have anything inside it! Line breaks included! */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        Err, You can find out what directory you are in by looking at the terminal, it should tell you where you are. 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        There are several ways to do this, it is OS/Program dependant. dir and ls are common commands
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        There are several ways to do this, it is OS/Program dependant. del, unlink, rm are commons commands.
        Generally command line removal difficult ot 'undo' and they normally do not give a confirmation prompt. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version Control allows you to work with confidence. You can change code without the fear or creating a unrepairable bug. Not only that but many people can work on the same code base and it is protected from "to many cooks in the kitchen" issues.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        This is something that is hard to answer, the best guideline is when meaningful changes that work are completed. Using best judgment here is the best thing. Take this assignment for example. I could commit after every question is answer has been types, but that is a bit much in my opinion. Because this is a rather simple repo I will commit at MVP and at stretch completion.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        I use github desktop or vs code to to this, but if you have to use cli "git push" will do. 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        For lambda its fork, clone, make a working branch, commit as you work, push, create pull request

Stretch Questions
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 